benchmarks/sk_hynix/SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N/README.md, before:

# SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N

## Drive Details
![Alt text](s-l1600-2.jpg)
![Alt text](image-1.png)


## Test System
**Device Type (Desktop/Laptop):** Laptop
<br>**Device Name:** Acer Aspire 7 Gaming A715-42G
<br>**CPU:** AMD Ryzen 5 5500U with Radeo Graphics (6c/12t, upto 4.00GHz)
<br>**GPU:** Nvidia Geforce GTX 1650 4GB
<br>**RAM (Speed and Type):** 16GB (8GB X 2) 3200MHz DDR4
<br>**Primary Drive:** SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N
<br>**Secondary Drive (if any):** Seagate ST500LM030-2E717D
<br>**Operating System:** Windows 10 Home Edition 22H2
<br>**Link to buy the device:** [Official Website Link](https://store.acer.com/en-in/laptops/gaming/acer-aspire7-gaming-laptop-amd-ryzen5-5500u-a715-42g-nvidia-gtx-1651)

## Synthetic Benchmarks

### CrystalDiskMark

![Alt text](<Screenshot 2024-01-28 122358-1.png>)

In the CrystalDiskMark benchmark for NVMe SSDs (Settings->NVMe SSD), the sequential read and write speeds were 3500MB/s and 3000MB/s respectively, while the random read and write speeds were approximately 2100MB/s and 1100MB/s respectively. Since this is an OEM SSD, there are no advertised read and write speeds on the device manufacturer's website.

To better understand CrystalDiskMark benchmarks and how you can perform this benchmark on your own drive, checkout [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI8QS74Xz38)

## Real world performance

| Sl. No. | Task                        | Size | Test 1 (seconds) | Test 2 (seconds) | Test 3 (seconds) | Average (seconds) |
| ------- | --------------------------- | ---- | ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | ----------------- |
| 1       | Single 4K Video Copy - 20GB | 20GB | 45.21            | 45.21            | 46.01            | 45                |
| 2       | Folder Copy - 10GB          | 10GB | 20.01            | 21.21            | 20.57            | 20                |

Interestingly, during both the above operations, the copy operation started with speeds of about 1GB/s, however it fell down to as low as 320MB/s.

![Alt text](<Screenshot (640).png>)

## Relevant Links:
 - Official Website: OEM SSD, no information available on manufacturer's website, visit official [SK Hynix Website](https://ssd.skhynix.com/).
 - [Ebay](https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_nkw=SK+Hynix+HFM512GD3JX016N&_sacat=0)

You can visit the official SK Hynix website [here](https://ssd.skhynix.com/)

Commit message:

add: more benchmarks for SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N

benchmarks/sk_hynix/SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N/README.md, after:

# SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N

## Drive Details
![Alt text](s-l1600-2.jpg)
![Alt text](image-1.png)

## Test System
**Device Type (Desktop/Laptop/Handheld):** Laptop
<br>**Device Name:** Acer Aspire 7 Gaming A715-42G
<br>**CPU:** AMD Ryzen 5 5500U with Radeo Graphics (6c/12t, upto 4.00GHz)
<br>**GPU:** Nvidia Geforce GTX 1650 4GB
<br>**RAM (Speed and Type):** 16GB (8GB X 2) 3200MHz DDR4
<br>**Primary Drive:** SK Hynix HFM512GD3JX016N
<br>**Secondary Drive (if any):** Seagate ST500LM030-2E717D
<br>**Operating System:** Windows 11 Home Edition 22H2
<br>**Link to buy the device:** [Official Website Link](https://store.acer.com/en-in/laptops/gaming/acer-aspire7-gaming-laptop-amd-ryzen5-5500u-a715-42g-nvidia-gtx-1651)

## Synthetic Benchmarks

### CrystalDiskMark (NVMe SSD)

![Alt text](<Screenshot 2024-01-28 122358-1.png>)

To better understand CrystalDiskMark benchmarks and how you can perform this benchmark on your own drive, checkout [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI8QS74Xz38)

### Winsat

![Alt text](winsat.png)

To know more about Winsat, checkout [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQtMwOkaQLg).

### ATTO Benchmark

![Alt text](<ATTO HFM512GD3JX016N.jpg>)

[Click here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CO9HdjIZOMQv9eEuds7fPiyCJ6zjos9z/view?usp=sharing) to download the results in a BMK file.

### AS SSD

![Alt text](<as-ssd-bench HFM512GD3JX016N 27-03-2024 14-19-13.png>)

### AS SSD (Copy)

![Alt text](<as-copy-bench HFM512GD3JX016N 27-03-2024 14-16-55.png>)

[Click Here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17RcVJ7rpCVRppKBu4MkSCY8aM4rwiKiB/view?usp=sharing) to download the results in an XML file.

### AS SSD (Compression)

![Alt text](<as-compr-bench HFM512GD3JX016N 27-03-2024 14-17-32.png>)

[Click here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RFh1YJEFpet1y4V1m9cd6_Hseh2m5sIp/view?usp=sharing) to download the results in a CSV file.

[Click here](https://www.techspot.com/downloads/6014-as-ssd-benchmark.html) to download and know more about AS SSD benchmark.

## Relevant Links:
 - Official Website: OEM SSD, no information available on manufacturer's website, visit official [SK Hynix Website](https://ssd.skhynix.com/).
 - [Ebay](https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_nkw=SK+Hynix+HFM512GD3JX016N&_sacat=0)

You can visit the official SK Hynix website [here](https://ssd.skhynix.com/)
